Rebalance of topics with no config files (#245)
segmentio/topicctl: README.md

function on all qualifying topics. It will inventory all topic configs found at  `--path-prefix` for a cluster
specified by `--cluster-config`.

> To rebalance topics in a cluster that's missing any topic configs, use the `rebalance` subcommand with the `--bootstrap-missing-configs` flag. This will temporarily bootstrap any missing topic configs at `--path-prefix`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To rebalance topics in a cluster that exist without topic configuration files, use the `rebalance` subcommand with the `--bootstrap-missing-configs` flag. This will temporarily bootstrap any missing topic configs at `--path-prefix`. This can also be used to use topicctl as a topic rebalancing tool, without using its topic configuration management features
```
